once upon a time in the middle of a deep
dark factory an average Joe Joe banks
lived a very boring life good morning
Dean hi Joe
what's with the shoe those are my sole
yeah until one day he found out his life
was over I'm not sick except for this
terminal disease that's right you have
some time left mr. banks live it well
and that's Joe banks when his adventure
began you and I might be able to help
each other I wanna hire to jump into a
volcano
total red-carpet situation it's why
women and song the Swedish little
paradise you ever saw a real journey are
you Joe thanks yeah
Warner Brothers presents Tom Hanks Meg
Ryan Joe Joe Joe bags in the story of a
man a mom and a miracle written and
directed by John Patrick Shanley the
Academy award-winning writer of
moonstruck I love you I love you too
I've never been in love with anybody
before either it's great I'm glad for
the timing stinks
I gotta go Joe versus the volcano
you